## Code Overview

SUAVE is a conceptual level aircraft design environment built with the ability to analyze and optimize both conventional and unconventional designs. This capability is achieved in part by allowing analysis information for aircraft to be drawn from multiple sources. Many other software tools for aircraft conceptual design rely on fixed empirical correlations and other handbook approximation. SUAVE instead provides a framework that can be used to design aircraft featuring advanced technologies by augmenting relevant correlations with physics-based methods.

SUAVE is an open source suite constructed as a modular set of analysis tools written in Python. Additional capabilities can be incorporated using extensible interfaces and prototyped with a top-level script. The flexibility of the environment allows the creation of arbitrary mission profiles, unconventional propulsion networks, and right-fidelity at right-time discipline analyses. Development is currently lead by the Aerospace Design Lab at Stanford University.

We recognize that learning to use a large code base can be daunting, so we have provided several tutorials in the [guides section](http://suave.stanford.edu/guides/) of our website. In addition, we have created high level documentation with the intention of showing the structure used for various types of funcionality, along with some advice on how to add modifications. These can be found in the sidebar under this document. If these two resources are not enough to answer questions you have about the code, please ask on our [forum](http://suave.stanford.edu/forum/).
